This is a story written by Callum Wykes
Welcome to Fezzintia.
This world is inhabited by all sorts of magical beasts and monsters that roam freely, some are friendly and co-exist alongside humans but others are extremely dangerous and hostile towards humans.
Many brave people have taken on the role of hunters either to help and protect people or to seek their own personal fame and fortune.
You are one such Hunter.
A few days ago a pair of monsters attacked your village, they weren't hungry they just seeked death and destruction as they destroyed bulidings and killed people. You tried to defend your home and the people who lived there, but the damage was already done.
Following their tracks, along with your partners Jade Rose and Rory Wilhelm, you seek revenge...
--------------------------------------------
chapter 1--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
You are currently half way on your quest to find the monsters who attacked your village, your team have had little sleep and all are tired from the journey so far. You? (rest/carry on)
Jade wants to find a large tree to sleep on, while rory noticed a small cave in the distance. You choose to? (tree/cave/floor)
Night/tree-------------------------------------------------------------------
After a few minutes of searching you find a large sturdy tree with branches to sleep on through the night, Jade suggested that if you cut the rope in three you could tie it to the branches to keep the group safe, you? (use/dont)
You decide to cut the rope into thirds and then tie it round each of you while you sleep.
SNAP! You wake up to the sound of something moving around your area but its too dark to properly see, you look over at Rory and Jade but they are both still asleep. You decide to? (investigate/sleep)
You decide not to go any further and go back to sleep for the rest of the night.
-------------
You scan the area for what ever made that sound, your only light being the ever present glow of the moon. In the distance you made out the silhouette of a lone Drodo, it stood proud on it's back legs boasting strong front arms which ended in razor-like claws. It has not seen you yet, you decide to? (attack/sleep)
Confident in your abilities you sneak up on the Drodo hoping to land a killing blow right from the start. However before you manage to get close enough it turns and fixes it's piercing eyes onto you, you draw your sword.
The Drodo let's out a fierce ROAR and approches, it launches one of its deadly arms at you, before you had time to think you quickly?(attack/defend)
Defend-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Raising your sword and standing your ground you prepare to take the monsters attack head on, You successfully block the monsters arm and briefly stun it but the attack sends your sword flying through the air landing several feet away. Your sword is your only chance to win this fight, knowing this you? (pick up sword/attack/run)
Acting as fast as you can, you lunge and try to reach for your weapon, seeing you are vulnerable the Drodo prepares to pounce onto you, foreseeing this you(pick up sword/dodge)
The Drodo thrusts with all it's might in your direction, you find your footing and move out of the way of it's attack. The beast having recklessly flung it's entire body at you in it's last attack struggles to get back onto it's feet, seeing your opportunity you? (pick up sword/run)
You pick up your sword and turn to face the Drodo. Your actions have angered it.
Recklessly you try to punch the Drodo but it does nothing. It sinks one of its claws into your chest and bites down on your neck. Killing you...
You turn your back on the beast and attempt run back to where the others are, the Drodo is faster than you, it strikes and lands a devastating blow to your back. There's no escape now...
In desperation you make an attempt to reach for your sword, but your actions were too late. You're a midnight snack...
Seeing your chance to escape you hasily run back into the cover of the woods making your way back to where Rory and Jade are. Luckly for you Rory always carries a spare sword. You rest after that terrifying ordeal.
Attack-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Gripping your sword tight you strike the beast at the perfect opportunity slashing at its exposed shoulder. The Drodo wails in pain, you decided this was the best opportunity to?(attack/run)
You raise your sword and prepare a finishing blow, as you lower your blade the Drodo suddenly grabs your sword stopping it, it pushes against you in an attempt to bite you. You can feel your legs giving way under the beasts weight, you? (escape/pushback)
In one last attempt to save yourself you push back against the monster but it's strength was greater and pushes you to the floor, just as you think it's all over you hear the sound of an arrow fly through the air landing directly into the Drodo's head, you take this opportunity to stab the beast through the chest. Killing it. Jade makes her way over and helps you to your feet she explains that she saw you were gone and heard roars, she figured you would be involved somehow. You decide you want to eat the drodo after so you both carry it back to where Rory is. 
Confident in your abilities you sneak up on the Drodo hoping to land a killing blow right from the start. However before you manage to get close enough it turns and fixes it's piercing eyes onto you, you draw your sword.




Cave------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
You decide to sleep in the cave overnight, it did not seem like anything lived in there. Night falls.

Floor------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
You decide to make camp on the floor Rory and Jade sleep in the cave to protest your decision. Night falls.
You get up and scan the area. You hadn't moved much before a huge Drodo appears in front of you it stood proud on it's back legs boasting strong front arms which ended in razor-like claws the drodo had it's piercing eyes fixed onto you.
Thinking its just the wind you go back to sleep. You don't wake up...

Tree NO ROPE-------------------------------------
You decide not to cut the rope and went to sleep on the branch. You rolled over in your sleep and fell out of the tree, a free lunch for whatever was lucky enough to find you...



MORNING -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
You wake in the morning feeling well rested, you hear your stomach rumble which is then followed by Rory and Jade's stomach growling for some food. The body of the Drodo you brought back last night is still there, you? (eat/continue)
You wake in the morning feeling well rested, you hear your stomach rumble which is then followed by Rory and Jade's stomach growling for some food. You decide to? (hunt/continue)
You light a fire and cook the edible parts of the Drodo. It made a great meal for everyone to replenish their energy. You then continue on with your journey.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
You need food. Rory and Jade both offer to hunt with you. You decide to hunt? (together/alone)
Not needing anyone else you decide to go it alone, You walk just outside the forest when you spot a figure in the distance, you recognise it. Its a lone Drodo, it stood proud on it's back legs boasting strong front arms which ended in razor-like claws. It has not seen you yet, you decide to? (attack/go back)
Rather not to face a Drodo alone you go back to Jade and Rory empty handed. You then decide to continue on with your quest. 
Confident in your abilities you sneak up on the Drodo hoping to land a killing blow right from the start. However before you manage to get close enough it turns and fixes it's piercing eyes onto you, you draw your sword.
After a brief rest you continue on your journey.
After slaying the beast you carry it back to eat.
Hunting together would be the safest play. You sneak through the forest together, Jade spots a nest in one of the caves. you? (investigate/go back)
A nest might be too risky, you return to your camp and decide to continue on with your journey
Carefully, you approach the nest. There are three large eggs, perfect for a meal. Without any sign of the parent you take the eggs back and eat them.
Rather not eat a Drodo you continue on without eating anything.




You decide not to rest and continue moving through the night. 




CHAPTER 2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SLEEP + EAT -----------------------------------
After several hours of traveling through the forest you finally arrive at the foot of the mountain, this is where the savage beasts that destroyed your village lurk. There is a narrow path round the mountain leading to the summit, you also spot a rockface that looks climbable you decide to? (path/climb)
You choose to travel up the mountain via the narrow path. You walk one behind the other as you journey up the long path to the top, there's a dense fog surrounding the mountain which makes it near impossible to see where your going or where you've been. You hear a crack and a smash ahead, you? (continue/stop) 
You continue walking up the narrow path when a giant boulder hurdles down the mountain, it smashes into your group knocking you all over the edge of the cliff...
Stopping dead in your tracks you crouch down against the wall, you hear several thumps coming down the mountain. Through the fog you get a glimpse of a huge boulder rolling down the path, you instruct your group to? (jump/take cover)
Without hesitation you jump off of the cliff. It was higher than you thought...
You lean up against the wall and the boulder skims right past all of the group. You continue your ascent.
You attempt to climb up the rockface, you step on a rock you weren't supposed to and create a rock slide turning into your rock tomb...
NO SLEEP-----------------------------------------------------------------------
After several hours of traveling through the forest you finally arrive at the foot of the mountain, this is where the savage beasts that destroyed your village lurk. There is a narrow path round the mountain leading to the summit, you also spot a rockface that looks climbable you decide to? (path/climb)
You choose to travel up the mountain via the narrow path. You walk one behind the other as you journey up the long path to the top, there's a dense fog surrounding the mountain which makes it near impossible to see where your going or where you've been. You hear a crack and a smash ahead, you? (continue/stop) 
You continue walking up the narrow path when a giant boulder hurdles down the mountain, it smashes into your group knocking you all over the edge of the cliff...
Stopping dead in your tracks you crouch down against the wall, you hear several thumps coming down the mountain. Through the fog you get a glimpse of a huge boulder rolling down the path, you instruct your group to? (jump/take cover)
Without hesitation you jump off of the cliff. It was higher than you thought...
You lean up against the wall and the boulder skims right past all of the group. You start to carry on walking when the floor beneath you gives way. Quickly, you manage to grab on to the edge holding on for dear life. You see that Rory and Jade have not had the strength or the energy to hold on, you feel the same way. You try to (pull up/hold on)
You attempt to climb up the rockface, you step on a rock you wern't supposed to and create a rock slide turning into your rock tomb...
You manage to find the determination you needed to pull yourself up over the edge, you will now face the monsters all alone. You keep moving up the narrow path
The dense fog finally clears up and you get a glimpse of where you are. Finally, you made it, the summit, a flat platau with a small lone cave in the middle, you can even see all the way back to your village from here. You feel as though your being watched.... You turn and look at the cave all you can see is two pairs of gleaming red eyes staring onto you. You could hear the hisses and growls of the beasts as they skulked out into the light, they were foxes but bigger then any normal foxes living in a city, each as tall as a person they had bright orange fur and sprouted nine whip-like tails. It's them. These were the monsters who attacked your home, the Kyuubi. The Kyuubi are approaching, you? (fight/run)
Intimidated by the monsters before you, you begin to run back down the path, in your hurry you fall down the same cliff age as before and fall to your death...
You muster up all of the energy you can and run at the beasts desperately flailing your sword at them, the Kyuubi quickly over power and knock you to the ground, you are then torn to shreads and are their next meal...
You begin to tire out and loosen your grip on the edge of the cliff. Your body joins Rory and Jade at the bottom...




Final Battle-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
The dense fog finally clears up and you get a glimpse of where you are. Finally, you made it, the summit, a flat platau with a small lone cave in the middle, you can even see all the way back to your village from here. You feel as though your being watched.... You turn and look at the cave all you can see is two pairs of gleaming red eyes staring onto you. You could hear the hisses and growls of the beasts as they skulked out into the light, they were foxes but bigger then any normal foxes living in a city, each as tall as a person they had bright orange fur and sprouted nine whip-like tails. It's them. These were the monsters who attacked your home, the Kyuubi. The Kyuubi are approaching, you? (fight/run)
No you've come this far, would never run away. Together the two Kyuubi could beat dozens of people however taking them on one on one might be too risky, you plan to? (fight together/split them up)
You all agree to spilt them up. Jade fires arrows into the middle of the two Kyuubi while both you and Rory run to take on one Kyuubi each, it works and one is rapidly approaching you rapidly, you? (dodge/defend)
Swiftly, you sidestep the attack made by the beast, just as you go for a counter attack, one of the kyuubi's tails hits you knocking you to the ground. The beast turns and approches you slowly, in a act of desperation you?(attack/getup)
Before you could act a arrow flys past and hits the beast directly. Jade shouts over to you to get up. You?(get up/sit)
You rise to your feet, you glance over at Rory for a brief moment and see that he is also having trouble with the Kyuubi. You look back at your opponent. The Kyuubi stares at you, it's mouth watering and tails flailing behind it. You?(attack/stare/run)
Raising your sword aloft you charge at the Kyuubi as fast as you can, the Kyuubi braces and shoots a great fire ball from it's mouth! The fire hurdles towards you, thinking quickly you? (brace/dodge)
At the last second you dive out of the way of the fireball to avoid it. You look at the Kyuubi but it is no longer there, the fireball was a diversion the Kyuubi now hurdles its way to it's real target, Jade. Jade screams as she see's the monster approach, you look the other way and see that the other Kyuubi is holding Rory down while Rory is holding onto it's arm preventing it from delivering the final blow. Your friends need you. You choose to save? (rory/jade/neither)
With no time to lose you run to Rory's aid as fast as you can, You draw your sword and aim for the Kyuubi's?(head/tails/arm)
You drive your sword into the back of the beasts head making is death instantanious. You then turn and look over at Jade but she is no where to be seen, all that is in sight is an arrow ridden Kyuubi staining at you in anger for its fallen kin. The final Kyuubi roars and storms over to where you and Rory are, it jumps at you preparing to slash at you with it's claws, you quickly?(defend/dodge)
You quickly evade the Kyuubi's attack, without a moments hesitation you?(attack/dodge)
You don't fall for the same trick twice, you dodge the incoming tail with ease this gives you and Rory a chance to strike back at the Kyuubi together. Rory lunges forward to attack while you decide to?(run/attack)
You attack the monster simultaniously. Both of your blades land a decisive blow on the Kyuubi who was not able to act fast enough, the Kyuubi wimpers and attempts to limp off back to the cave. You (finish it/find Jade)
Rory runs to go find Jade while you walk slowly behind the Kyuubi. Your sword dragging against the ground, the metal grinding and scrapping against the rock. You plunge your blade deep into the heart of the beast, slaying it therefore your revenge has been fulfilled, You have avenged your family, your home.
You run over to look over the cliff, you see Jade hanging on to a branch for dear life, you decide to? (reach/jump/use rope)
Jade is too far away to reach.(reach/jump/use rope)
You stupidly try to reach further but you fall off the cliff yourself. You plumit to your death...
You and Rory use the rope to pull Jade up over the cliff, she explains that she got pushed off of the cliff by the tails of the Kyuubi. After completing your quest for revenge you decide to?(return home/jump)
You travel the long way back and eventually return to your village where you assure the people a safe and secure future.
Intimidated by the monsters before you, you begin to run back down the path, in your hurry you stumble and fall to your death...
You decide to fight the two Kyuubi as a team, you and Rory both move in to attack the two beasts with Jade covering you back with her arrows. You see Rory preparing to attack, you? (attack/wait)
You attempt to attack the beast at the same time but out of no where the other Kyuubi strikes at Rory before he can land his blow. Rory struggles as the Kyuubi holds him down with it's mouth around his neck. However, the other Kyuubi is running towards you, You decide to save?(rory/yourself)
You rush to save your friend from the beast but before you make it you feel the other Kyuubi pounces onto you digging its claws into your back. The last thing you see is Jade trying to fire arrows to save you, she's too late...
You see that Jade has managed to help Rory by firing arrows into the Kyuubi that grabbed him. You turn to face the Kyuubi that is charging you down, you quickly?(dodge/defend)
You stand your ground and attempt to take the beasts attack head on the Kyuubi rushes towards you. You hold your sword firmly as the Kyuubi's attack hits it. The Kyuubi attempts to smack you with it's tails, seeing this you?(dodge/defend) 
Lifting your arm in a defensive position you try to block the incoming tails. Your effort is futile as the tails hit ou so hard that they stun you which allows the kyuubi to strike you down...
Seeing the incoming attack you swiftly avoid it. The two Kyuubi jump back and group together, Jade calls for a new plan to seperate the beasts. you?(run/split them up)
Seeing no alternative you jump off of the cliff. Falling to your death...
Bracing you try to defend against the incoming assault, the Kyuubi over powers you and knocks you to the ground. The beast turns and approches you slowly, in a act of desperation you?(attack/getup) 
Arms protecting your face you try to defend against the incoming fire, you turn into ash and blow away with the wind...
You stay still. The kyuubi takes this opertunity to rip you to pieces...
jade-----------------------
Quickly, you run over to Jade to help her. Before you could make it to her the Kyuubi pushes her off of the cliff. The other Kyuubi is done with Rory, his body lies stone dead on the floor. The two beasts are now circling you, with no plan or help you face them alone. you?(run/attack)
Intimidated by the monsters before you, you begin to run back down the path leaving your friends to die, in your hurry you stumble and fall to your death...
You try to run but one of the Kyuubi cuts you off, the other jumps on top of you. You become their next meal...
You swing your sword to attack one of the Kyuubi, the other jumps on top of you. You become their next meal...
The Kyuubi lets out a cry of pain as you cut through one of its tails, Rory takes this chance to stab the beast through the heart killing it. You then turn and look over at Jade but she is no where to be seen, all that is in sight is an arrow ridden Kyuubi staring at you in anger for its fallen kin. The final Kyuubi roars and storms over to where you and Rory are, it jumps at you preparing to slash at you with it's claws, you quickly?(defend/dodge)
Cutting into the arm of the beast you give Rory the opportunity to stab the beast through the heart. You then turn and look over at Jade but she is no where to be seen, all that is in sight is an arrow ridden Kyuubi staining at you in anger for its fallen kin. The final Kyuubi roars and storms over to where you and Rory are, it jumps at you preparing to slash at you with it's claws, you quickly?(defend/dodge)
Putting up your sword you try to defend against the incoming attack, the angry monster slashes across your front you bleed to death...
You forget about the Kyuubi's tails that hit you as you try to dodge, the strength of the tails knocks you down. The Kyuubi jumps onto you slashing you to bits...
You don't have any rope. The tree breaks and Jade falls down the mountain.






